WHERE DID YOU GROW UP?  WHAT WAS YOUR ACADEMIC PATH?

I was born and grew up in Shanghai, the largest city in China. I came to the US
when I was 17 and lived in San Francisco for a while and went to Seattle for
college. I was interested in international studies and physiology in my
freshman year, but soon I found about the Human Computer Interaction community
at University of Washington, and fell in love with this interdisciplinary
study. I ended up majoring in Human Centered Design and Engineering with a
focus on HCI (Human Computer Interaction). 

After I graduated from UW in June, I started my Master degree in Information
Management and System at Berkeley and this place really fascinates me. 

HOW MUCH PROGRAMMING HAVE YOU DONE?  WHAT LANGUAGES?

I started programming late considering many students did in their schools. I am
not a typical programmer but I was exposed to many projects and course work
that were programming heavy. Through my college years, I gain skills majorly in
Java, Python, PHP, HTML, CSS, JavaScript (jQuery), and MySQL. 

WHAT ARE YOUR HOBBIES?

I like tennis, singing, and playing the piano during my free time. I like
socializing with people sharing the same interests with me. 

WHAT ARE SOME OF YOUR TALENTS AND SKILLS?

I have learned how to collaborate with co-workers in the professional world,
and how to make the best design and management decisions within time and budget
constraints. I have had roles as a Visual Designer, Web Developer, Technical
Writer, and Program Manager in different technical projects, from which I
gained strong organizing skills and the ability to work with other members on
the team.

Besides those, I considering singing is really my talent and I still keep the
dream of being a singer of musicals. 

HAVE YOU EVER DONE ANYTHING REMARKABLE?

Hmm...I collaborated with students in different disciplines, majorly in
computer science to work on projects for developing technologies in
underdeveloped countries. 

I had an internship with Microsoft and worked in Worldwide E-Government at
Public Sector to develop BI (Business Intelligence) strategies. 

I was a volunteer for the Olympics Games in Beijing 2008 and was awarded
Outstanding Volunteer nationally. 

I received Outstanding Female Award from Society of Women Engineers in my
senior year in college. 

WHAT COMMITMENTS WILL BE CONSUMING YOUR CYCLES THIS TERM?

I am teaching two sections this semester and this is my first time teaching at
Berkeley, so there are many new things I need to explore and pick up quickly.
Besides being a GSI, I am also a master student who has to study, do tons of
readings, take exams, write essays, and work on projects. Itâ€™s a great
challenge for me on time management as well as communication and leadership.  I
think it will be exciting and fun to teach because I really like the class
subject and the faculty team of CS 10.
