WHERE DID YOU GROW UP? WHAT WAS YOUR PATH TO CAL?

I grew up in The Bronx, NY ("You got a problem with dat?" -- that's
how they talked in my old neighborhood, no joke) until I was 9. The
Bronx is one of the 5 Boroughs of New York City, if you didn't know. I
moved to Westchester (suburb of New York) for a year and then upstate
to a small town near Cooperstown, NY (where the Baseball Hall of Fame
is located). I graduated from Cooperstown Central High, went on to MIT
where I got a double major in CS and EE and graduated in 5 years. Then
I came to Cal as a grad student, did a MS in Game Theory in 1995 and a
PhD in Graphics in 2000 and joined the faculty in 2000.

HOW MUCH PROGRAMMING HAVE YOU DONE (& WHAT LANGUAGES)?

I started with Basic in high school in 1985. At MIT I learned Scheme
(in the class CS61A was modeled after, taught by the authors of SICP)
and C. When I got to Berkeley, I learned Tcl/Tk, Java, Python, Unix,
Matlab, Mathematica, html & perl.  My current favorite language is
Python, definitely.

WHAT ARE YOUR HOBBIES?

With two little ones, I no longer have time for hobbies. Their hobbies
are my hobbies, i.e., going to parks, playgrounds, museums, and biking
around. I've gotten more into photography and videography, because
that's something I can do with them.

However, before I had kids my hobbies were: puzzles, games, golf,
basketball, ultimate, animation, juggling, programming, classic comedy
sketches, movies, genealogy, and sharing jokes.

WHAT ARE SOME OF YOUR TALENTS & SKILLS?

I can juggle 5 balls, ride a unicycle (poorly), spin things on my
finger, play the harmonica and congas badly (though I can't read
music), recite entire Monty Python sketches, hit a golf ball 275 yds
(though I have yet to break 90!), do an L hang, and wiggle my ears.

HAVE YOU DONE ANYTHING REMARKABLE? HAS ANYTHING MEMORABLE HAPPENED TO YOU?

In high school, I tied the school record in the 200m dash (23.2 s) and
I was the fastest rapid calculator in central NY (~100 high schools).  
My high school basketball team went to the state final four game, and
our team was recently inducted to our high school athletic hall of fame!
A few years ago I lived in Melbourne, Australia for 5 months, and
I climbed half-dome a few years ago.

WHAT COMMITMENTS WILL BE CONSUMING YOUR CYCLES THIS SEMESTER?

In addition to this class, I'm also teaching CS302 (Designing Computer
Science Education) and running the self-paced courses.  I run the
GamesCrafters undergraduate computational game theory undergraduate
research and development group.  I supervise two awesome DeCals:
UCBUGG and MS-DOS X.  I'm the director of the Weiner Lecture Archives
project.  I'm on the undergraduate study committee, and I do EECS and
L&S faculty advising. I'm coordinating the development of CS10w (CS10
online) to launch Fa12.  I'm on the ACM Education Board and Council
and the chair of a task force that is trying to launch a new Web 2.0
collection of "Technology for Computing Educators".  I'm involved with
the continuing development of the Ensemble NSDL computing portal with
my awesome grad student (and your TA) Luke. I run summer professional
development for high school teachers (teaching them CS10) through two
National Science Foundation (NSF) grants totalling about a million
dollars.  I'm co-guest-editor of the Transactions of Computing
Education (TOCE) special issue on concurrent, parallel, and
distributed computation.  I'm on the CollegeBoard's AP Computer
Science Principles Advisory Board. I'm on the GRE Computer Science
Committee to author questions for the next CS GRE.  I'm faculty
advisor for our local Eta Kappa Nu chapter.  I'm a faculty co-advisor
for BFOIT, and I'm active in my local PTA.  I'm one of three faculty
champions for our local CSTA chapter for high school teachers that
meets once a month, and run CS4HS workshops with Colleen Lewis every
summer.  I've got a 2-hour commute each way (1 hr on BART and time to
drop-off or pick-up my little one from school).  Finally, and most
importantly, I've got a wonderful wife, a 6-yr old son (in 1st grade)
and a 3-yo daughter with whom I try to spend as much time as possible. 

Phew!
