WHERE DID YOU GROW UP?  WHAT WAS YOUR ACADEMIC PATH?

I was born in Boston, but quickly moved to India for four years. After that it
was Wisconsin for four years, and then I spent the majority of my life in
Mountain View, California, just an hour south of here. Now I'm a junior
Cognitive Science major at Berkeley, but I loved CS10 so I couldn't leave!

HOW MUCH PROGRAMMING HAVE YOU DONE?  WHAT LANGUAGES?

I started in CS10 with Scratch and BYOB. From there I went to CS61A and learned
Scheme. Since then I've worked a little with Python in my research at the
Whitney Lab, a Vision Science lab on campus.

WHAT ARE YOUR HOBBIES?

I love traveling. Luckily, this is something that was fostered by my family,
who also loves traveling, so I've been to a lot of amazing places around the
world. I also enjoy learning about the brain, which isn't as much a hobby as my
actual academic life. Aside from that I like music and recreational reading and
writing, which I don't get to do nearly enough. And just enjoying life. I'm
more of a try-new-things kind of person than a stick-to-one-thing person, which
can be good and bad.

WHAT ARE SOME OF YOUR TALENTS AND SKILLS?

I enjoy teaching, and I hope I can call that a skill. I'm good at listening and
giving advice. I can raise one eyebrow, and I'm pretty good at remembering song
lyrics, though I can't sing at all (that doesn't stop me). And I've played a
couple of decent games of water pong...

HAVE YOU EVER DONE ANYTHING REMARKABLE?

My most recent anecdote is bungy jumping in New Zealand, off of the bridge upon
which bungy jumping was invented. It was an amazing adrenaline rush. Most of my
remarkable things come with places I've been; I'm lucky I've had a chance to
see so much of the world. I've also gone my whole life without eating meat,
which is remarkable to some people.

WHAT COMMITMENTS WILL BE CONSUMING YOUR CYCLES THIS TERM?

I'm going to be pretty busy. Aside from being a reader, I'm on the Leadership
Board for Amnesty International at Cal, and as Education/Advocacy Director I'll
be in charge of most event planning. I'm also going to be a literacy tutor with
BUILD at an Oakland elementary school twice a week. I research twice a week at
the Whitney Lab in Tolman Hall, which works on Vision Science. And, like most
Berkeley students, I'll be taking classes. 

